Il video deve avere una durata massima di 60 secondi.

La qualità audio/video deve essere elevata (nessun video realizzato con il cellulare).

Interpretazioni di materiale audio protetto da copyright (cover/remix) non sono permesse... usa una delle tracce messe a disposizione nella sezione TRACKS!

Be cool and play nice.

The Internet is a pretty cool place, but it also gives people the means to insult and/or harass others without taking full responsibility for their words. We request, nay— we insist! — that while you are on Vimeo you respect the people you encounter, as well as their videos. You are free to disagree and/or provide critical feedback, but please keep it respectful.
Don’t spam or disrupt Vimeo.

The best way to encourage others to watch your videos is to participate in the community. You should also watch and comment on other people’s videos, follow people, join Groups, and follow Channels related to your interests. Oh, and don’t send unsolicited mass messages. And please don’t flood Vimeo with videos uploaded by a robot or a robot-like human in a manner that will disrupt people’s experience here.
If you’re uploading commercial or business content, make sure you read our Commercial Content Guidelines as well. Thanks!

Upload only videos you created yourself.

You must own or hold all necessary rights (copyrights, etc.) to your video.
“So-and-so gave me permission” does not mean you created it.
You can upload videos that you appear in or helped create (as director, DP, editor, musician, motion graphics artist, actor, etc.) as long as you have the necessary permissions from the copyright holders.
Please add your role in the video description to avoid deletion.
Exception! Vimeo PRO members can upload videos they did not create as long as they hold the necessary rights and permissions.
You cannot upload certain types of content:

No rips of movies, music, television, or any other third party copyrighted material. Read more about copyright and fair use.
No sexually explicit material or pornography. (Artistic and non-sexual nudity is allowed. Read more.)
No videos that are hateful, harass others, or include defamatory or discriminatory speech. Read more.
No videos that depict or promote unlawful acts, extreme or real-life violence, self-harm, or cruelty toward animals.
No screen-captures of video games or gameplay videos, even if edited. (Exception! Game developers can upload examples of their own work. Machinima videos with a story also are allowed, but must be labeled as such in the video description to avoid deletion.)